CDS-57055 1st gen content added (#1618)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/google/google-functions.md

## Cloud Functions permission requirements

:::note

> Harness supports Google Cloud Functions 1st and 2nd gen. There are minor differences in the permissions required by each generation. For a detailed breakdown, see [Access control with IAM](https://cloud.google.com/functions/docs/concepts/iam) from Google.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness supports Google Cloud Functions 1st and 2nd gen. There are minor differences in the permissions required by each generation. For a detailed breakdown, go to [Access control with IAM](https://cloud.google.com/functions/docs/concepts/iam) from Google.
```

The **Function Definition** is the parameter file you use to define your Google Function. The parameter file you add here maps to one Google Function. 

To use Google Cloud Functions, in the Harness service, in **Deployment Type**, you select **Google Cloud Functions**. 

Next, in **Google Cloud Function Environment Version**, you select **1st gen** or **2nd gen**.

- Google Functions 2nd gen: The YAML parameters for Google Functions 2nd gen are defined in the [google.cloud.functions.v2 function message](https://cloud.google.com/functions/docs/reference/rpc/google.cloud.functions.v2#function) from Google Cloud.

>   - User's can define details of the [ServiceConfig](https://cloud.google.com/functions/docs/reference/rpc/google.cloud.functions.v2#google.cloud.functions.v2.ServiceConfig) and [BuildConfig](https://cloud.google.com/functions/docs/reference/rpc/google.cloud.functions.v2#buildconfig) via the YAML as seen in the below examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You can define details of the [ServiceConfig](https://cloud.google.com/functions/docs/reference/rpc/google.cloud.functions.v2#google.cloud.functions.v2.ServiceConfig) and [BuildConfig](https://cloud.google.com/functions/docs/reference/rpc/google.cloud.functions.v2#buildconfig) via the YAML as seen in the below examples.
```
